index.md, before:

# ELPS 611: Boards and Community Relations
This is the supplementary course page for the Spring 2026 section of *ELPS 611: Boards and Community Relations in Higher Education.* I will use this space throughout the semester to share course materials and announcements. Make sure you bookmark and check this page frequently for the most up-to-date assigned reading.

**Important Note on Assignment Submission**
As we examine the nature and work of governing boards through their relationships to their various constituencies, you may be assigned articles, videos, and book exerpts to read/watch to come to lecture with a basic understanding and prepared for deeper dialogue with your colleagues. Until further notice, please use the email [ELPS611@BrittanyMosby.com](mailto:elps611@brittanymosby.com) to submit course assignments and for course-related communication. 

## Course Essentials
**Synchronous Class Dates**
- January 15, 22; February 5, 19*; March 5, 19; April 9, 30

**Office Hours**
- Fridays, 10 am - 12 Noon
- Alternate Thursdays, 5 - 7 pm

**Contact**
- [ELPS611@BrittanyMosby.com](mailto:elps611@brittanymosby.com) (Preferred)
- Text/Call: 615/436-2891

## Lecture Topics and Reading

### I. The Role and Function of Boards
#### Reading List
- **Read** [What College Trustees Are and Why They Matter](https://www.goacta.org/2023/11/what-college-trustees-are-and-why-they-matter/)
- **Read** Bowles, K. (2021, November 15). [Boards: Who's Really in Charge?](https://www.insidehighered.com/blogs/just-explain-it-me/boards-who%E2%80%99s-really-charge)
- **Listen** or **Read** [The Role of Boards](https://www.futureupodcast.com/episodes/on-the-board-the-role-of-trustees-in-higher-ed/), Future U Podcast
- **Read** pages 1-12 of [The Higher Education Board Guidebook](https://www.grantthornton.com/-/media/content-page-files/nfp/pdfs/2016/higher-ed-board-guide.ashx)

#### After Lecture Reflective Questions (due Thursday 1/29)
What challenges would institutions face without a governance board? What are key indicators of a well-functioning system of shared governance?

### II. Boards and the President, Administration, and Staff
#### Reading List
TBA
#### After Lecture Reflective Questions
Describe an ideal relationship between a Board and the administration of an institution. How does this relationship break down? 

### III. Boards and the Faculty and Students
#### Reading List
TBA 
#### After Lecture Reflective Questions
In what ways does the relationship with faculty differ from the relationship with the institution president and administration? Students? How could a Board be intentional about cultivating relationships?

Commit message:

Revise course page details and submission instructions
Updated course page content for clarity and emphasis on assignment submission.

index.md, after:

# ELPS 611: Boards and Community Relations
This is the supplementary course page for the Spring 2026 section of *ELPS 611: Boards and Community Relations in Higher Education.* I will use this space throughout the semester to share course materials and announcements. Make sure you bookmark and check this page weekly for the most up-to-date assigned reading.

**Important Note**
Moving forward, please use the email [ELPS611@BrittanyMosby.com](mailto:elps611@brittanymosby.com) to submit course assignments and for course-related communication. 

## Course Essentials
**Synchronous Class Dates**
- January 15, 22; February 5, 19*; March 5, 19; April 9, 30

**Office Hours**
- Fridays, 10 am - 12 Noon
- Alternate Thursdays, 5 - 7 pm

## Lecture Topics and Reading
### I. The Role and Function of Boards
#### Reading List
- **Read** [What College Trustees Are and Why They Matter](https://www.goacta.org/2023/11/what-college-trustees-are-and-why-they-matter/)
- **Read** Bowles, K. (2021, November 15). [Boards: Who's Really in Charge?](https://www.insidehighered.com/blogs/just-explain-it-me/boards-who%E2%80%99s-really-charge)
- **Listen** or **Read** [The Role of Boards](https://www.futureupodcast.com/episodes/on-the-board-the-role-of-trustees-in-higher-ed/), Future U Podcast
- **Read** pages 1-12 of [The Higher Education Board Guidebook](https://www.grantthornton.com/-/media/content-page-files/nfp/pdfs/2016/higher-ed-board-guide.ashx)

#### After Lecture Reflective Questions (due Thursday 1/29)
What challenges would institutions face without a governance board? What are key indicators of a well-functioning system of shared governance?

### II. Boards and the President, Administration, and Staff
#### Reading List
TBA
#### After Lecture Reflective Questions (due Thursday 2/12) 
Describe an ideal relationship between a Board and the administration of an institution. How does this relationship break down? 

### III. Boards and the Faculty and Students
#### Reading List
TBA 
#### After Lecture Reflective Questions
In what ways does the relationship with faculty differ from the relationship with the institution president and administration? Students? How could a Board be intentional about cultivating relationships?
