readings.md, before:

## Lecture Topics and Reading
### I. The Role and Function of Boards (Lecture Date: Thursday 1/22)
#### Reading List
- **Read** [What College Trustees Are and Why They Matter](https://www.goacta.org/2023/11/what-college-trustees-are-and-why-they-matter/)
- **Read** Bowles, K. (2021, November 15). [Boards: Who's Really in Charge?](https://www.insidehighered.com/blogs/just-explain-it-me/boards-who%E2%80%99s-really-charge)
- **Listen** or **Read** [The Role of Boards](https://www.futureupodcast.com/episodes/on-the-board-the-role-of-trustees-in-higher-ed/), Future U Podcast
- **Read** pages 1-12 of [The Higher Education Board Guidebook](https://www.grantthornton.com/-/media/content-page-files/nfp/pdfs/2016/higher-ed-board-guide.ashx)

#### After Lecture Reflective Questions (due Thursday 1/29)
What challenges would institutions face without a governance board? What are key indicators of a well-functioning system of shared governance?

---

### II. Boards and the Administration (Lecture Date: Thursday 2/5)
#### Reading List
- **Read** [Getting the President-Board Relationship Right](https://www.insidehighered.com/opinion/career-advice/2023/11/17/10-key-steps-presidents-should-take-good-board-relations-opinion)
- **Read** [The Tie that Binds: Trusteeship, Values, and the Presidential Selection Process at AME-Affiliated HBCUs](https://repository.upenn.edu/entities/publication/3df45855-bfc9-4d36-a433-9a8f16b6c159)
- **Read** [Indicators of presidential effectiveness: a study of trustees of higher education institutions](https://repository.upenn.edu/entities/publication/3df45855-bfc9-4d36-a433-9a8f16b6c159)

#### After Lecture Reflective Questions (NOT DUE) 
Describe an ideal relationship between a Board and the administration of an institution. How does this relationship break down? 

---

### III. Boards and Institutional Advancement, Fundraising, and Philanthropy (Lecture Date: Thursday 2/19)
#### Reading List
TBA

---

### IV. Boards in Crisis (Lecture Date: Thursday 3/5)
#### Reading List
TBA

---

### V. Boards and the relationship with Faculty and Students (Lecture Date: Thursday 3/19)
#### Reading List
TBA

Commit message:

Update lecture topics and reading lists in readings.md

readings.md, after:

## Lecture Topics and Reading
### I. Defining Governance (Lecture Date: Thursday 1/22)
#### Reading List
- **Read** [What College Trustees Are and Why They Matter](https://www.goacta.org/2023/11/what-college-trustees-are-and-why-they-matter/)
- **Read** Bowles, K. (2021, November 15). [Boards: Who's Really in Charge?](https://www.insidehighered.com/blogs/just-explain-it-me/boards-who%E2%80%99s-really-charge)
- **Listen** or **Read** [The Role of Boards](https://www.futureupodcast.com/episodes/on-the-board-the-role-of-trustees-in-higher-ed/), Future U Podcast
- **Read** pages 1-12 of [The Higher Education Board Guidebook](https://www.grantthornton.com/-/media/content-page-files/nfp/pdfs/2016/higher-ed-board-guide.ashx)

#### After Lecture Reflective Questions (due Thursday 1/29)
What challenges would institutions face without a governance board? What are key indicators of a well-functioning system of shared governance?

---

### II. The President and Administration (Lecture Date: Thursday 2/5)
#### Reading List
- **Read** [Getting the President-Board Relationship Right](https://www.insidehighered.com/opinion/career-advice/2023/11/17/10-key-steps-presidents-should-take-good-board-relations-opinion)
- **Read** [The Tie that Binds: Trusteeship, Values, and the Presidential Selection Process at AME-Affiliated HBCUs](https://repository.upenn.edu/entities/publication/3df45855-bfc9-4d36-a433-9a8f16b6c159)
- **Read** [Indicators of presidential effectiveness: a study of trustees of higher education institutions](https://repository.upenn.edu/entities/publication/3df45855-bfc9-4d36-a433-9a8f16b6c159)

---

### III. Fiduciary Responsibilities (Lecture Date: Thursday 2/19)
#### Reading List
- **Read** Redefining the board's role in fiscal planning
- **Read** [The Prudent Investor Rule and Trust Asset Allocation](https://dash.harvard.edu/entities/publication/73120379-069c-6bd4-e053-0100007fdf3b)
- **Read** [The Equity Trustee](https://ir.law.fsu.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1547&context=articles)
- **Read** [Leveraging an Overlooked Asset: The Role of Public University Trustees in Institutional Advancement](https://muse.jhu.edu/pub/3/article/811757/summary)
- **Read** The impact of trustees' age and representation on strategic asset allocations

#### After Lecture Reflective Questions (due Thursday 2/26)
Describe an ideal relationship between a Board and the administration of an institution. How does this relationship break down?

---

### IV. Boards in Crisis (Lecture Date: Thursday 3/5)
#### Reading List
Guest lecture, reading list will be provided.

---

### V. Other Institutional Constituencies (Lecture Date: Thursday 3/19)
#### Reading List
TBA
